asin	reviews_json
B0DVCHJR5B	[{"text": "TikTok made me buy this. Thankfully, gone are the days when my kids need to use this for it's intended use, but we saw a video of people using this to help remove dandruff from their scalp. My daughter suffers from eczema/psoriasis in the back of her scalp/neck and there is a lot of flaking that happens. This stainless steel lice comb has been a great tool at helping clear away some of the flakes. My other daughter uses the other comb to remove flakes from product in between hair washes. Works really well because the tines are so close together and it's easy to clean given that it's stainless steel. It's nice that they are color coded so each girl knows which is their's. It comes with a magnifier glass on the handle which I guess would be great at identifying nits, but can't confirm if it works since we didn't use it for this purpose.", "title": "Great value for a 2 pack", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "media_url": null}, {"text": "Good quality but the magnifying glass which was the only reason that I purchased these particular ones, don't work well. Also this is really just for adult lice as the smaller ones tend to slip right through the gaps of the teeth.", "title": "Good quality but gaps between teeth allow smaller bugs to be missed", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "media_url": null}, {"text": "These combs are a game-changer?super gentle yet surprisingly thorough with their fine stainless steel teeth. The handle feels solid in hand, and the rounded tips make it easy to use on kids or pets without tugging. The little magnifier is a smart bonus for spotting even the tiniest bits.I¡¯m impressed with how handy these combs are for more than just school season. The teeth are close together but soft enough to glide through hair or fur. The magnifier makes checking for debris simple and stress-free.Well-built and practical, these combs have quickly become part of our routine. The fine teeth effectively grab everything without scratching, and the grip feels secure. The built-in magnifier is a thoughtful touch that adds extra peace of mind.", "title": "Effective!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "media_url": null}]
